hi everyone I like California rolls
because it's tasty and healthy every now
and then I like to do DIY Kelly rolls
because all I have to do is a little
prep and everyone can assemble their own
it's great for summer get together or
whenever you feel lazy but one a light
and healthy meal just be sure to serve
it with hot rice and miso soup so let's
get started start by dry roasting
unseasoned nori sheets and a pan over
medium-high heat it's toasted when it
turns to either a light fluorescent
green or reddish in color then cut into
fours now prep the imitation crab line
comes in long stays you can use the
steaks passes but i like to flake it
into strips because it gives a better
mouth feel like biting into layers of a
fossil then cut into the same length as
the nori traditionally mayonnaise is
mixed with the imitation crab to impart
creaminess and to keep it together
however I like mine plain but add a
generous amount of avocado later instead
now on to the vegetable I know it's
common sense but be sure to wash them
well prep the radish sprouts by cutting
at the base of the stem then cut the
cucumbers into long thin diagonals than
Julian into sticks
for the avocados it should be prepped
minutes before serving to minimize
oxidation as you see I like big slices
of avocado on my rolls
finally plate everything artfully cover
with plastic wrap and keep it cold in a
refrigerator until ready to be served at
this time make sure to have soy sauce
and wasabi dished out on the table soy
sauce and wasabi is a must for
California rolls
to assemble add hot rice onto the nori
at all the prepped ingredients and talk
with Masako and spoon on some soy sauce
and wasabi slurry thanks for watching
happy day
you